Q1: When would you want to use a remote repository rather than keeping all your work local?
Answer:
I would want to use a remote repo rather than keeping all my work local when I would want to share my project with others, so
that they can provide suggestions and collaborate with me on the project. Also, I would like to have a remote repo as a backup
so that my project is safe in GitHub servers (if I save my 'remote' on GitHub) even if I somehow lose the local project repo.

Q2: Why might you want to always pull changes manually rather than having Git automatically stat up-to-date with your
remote repository?
Answer:
I want to always pull changes manually so that my local repo doesn't get updated every time a commit is made on remote.
Manual pulling would allow me to pull multiple commits together. Furthermore, if I'm working on one branch locally and
changes are being made to a different branch on remote, automatic pull would mix the two branches together locally even
though that was not what I wanted. It may lead to unnecessary merging and would create unwanted conflicts.

Q3: Describe the differences between forks, clones, and branches. When would you use one instead of another?
Answer:
If I want to create a spinoff of someone's repo on GitHub, I fork that repo. Forking copies that repo to a new repo
of the same name in my profile, and this process happens directly on GitHub's servers. I don't have to do an intermediate
clone to my local machine and then push this local repo to a new remote. Forking also has the advantage that a forked
repo links back to the original repo in the original author's profile. This allows for the acknowledgement of the original
author and comparison between the spinoff and the original repo. I clone a repo when I want to download a repo to my
computer. Then, the repo I clone from automatically becomes the remote repo (named 'origin') for my local repo. I can
also clone a repo from my computer to a different location within the computer itself. I create a new branch for my
project when I want to maintain parallel but different versions of my project. Branching may create an illusion of
being an alternative to forking. But the author of the original repo may not want collaboration yet, so s/he may not
want others to branch out in her/his repo (s/he can by the way, choose which collaborators to allow working on her/his
project). Also, the original repo may already be under collaboration, so it may already contain multiple branches.
Branching out for customized spinoffs may now create confusion as to who's a collaborator and who's just present for
spinoffs. It might also be tedious to track lots of people with different branching purposes. So for stuff like
spinoffs, forking is used. Also, forking and cloning operate on entire repos while branching operates on commits
within a single repository.

Q4: What is the benefit of having a copy of the last known state of the remote stored locally?
Answer:
It turns out that I can update just the local copy of the remote branch, leaving my actual local version alone by running
the git fetch command. Having a copy of the last known state of the remote stored locally helps because this way, if I'm
going to be offline for a while (e.g, about to get on a plane), I can update my local copy of the remote branch before
I leave, so I'll have access to any updates that have been made to the remote since I last synced up, while still being
offline.

Q5: How would you collaborate without using Git and GitHub? What would be easier, and what would be harder?
Answer:
Although now it seems very difficult to collaborate without Git and GitHub, the nearest alternative I'd use is Dropbox.
Dropbox will allow me to share my project with my friends and would also provide some online version control. Furthermore,
it would allow automatic syncing, which would be okay if not much conflicts arise. However, it could be a problem in
instances of conflicts, and Dropbox may not properly address the issues. Also, although I'd be able to collaborate, my
project won't be "public" in the sense that people beyond my collaborators would not be able to fork it and provide easy
feedback. Still, they'd be able to download my project and use and customize it as per their wishes. Also, things like
pull requests won't be available on Dropbox, so it makes the suggestions part difficult.
